# wailsrss

## About

This project implements a simple RSS reader to demo using wails to implement a 
straight stick framework free modular ES6 project.

## Getting Started Quickly

### Cloning and building
You will need to ensure you have golang installed, as well as MinGW and can run wails build.  
See https://wails.io/docs/gettingstarted/installation/

Then clone this project.

Then run builddbg.bat (on Windows).  Coming eventually shell scripts for running the build on Mac and Linux.

## How we started off
This information is provided only in case you are creating your own ES6 project for something else.
We are simply deleting the autogenerated code from the wails init.

We started off by running this command:

    $ wails init -n wailsrss -t svelte
    $cd wailsrss
    $ notepad wails.json

Then edit the file to turn off all the npm stuff because we don't need it.

    {
      "$schema": "https://wails.io/schemas/config.v2.json",
      "name": "wailsrss",
      "outputfilename": "wailsrss",
      "frontend:install": "",
      "frontend:build": "",
      "frontend:dev:watcher": "",
      "frontend:dev:serverUrl": "auto",
      "author": {
        "name": "Steve Owens",
         "email": "steve@doitnext.com"
      }
    }

Now just go in and delete everything from the frontend directory. Note don't do this if you are cloning this project, it was already done
as part of the setup of this project.  

    $ cd frontend
    $ delete *

Now we have an empty frontend directory we can get started.

The rest of the story is in the source code of this project.  Take a gander and see how 
things are put together.

The front end structure I like to use is as follows:

frontend/ 
    index.html
    otherstuff.html
    js/
       index.js
       otherstuff.js
       libs/
          template-resolver.js
    css/
       site.css
    images/
        bannerLogo.png
    templates/
        top-banner.html
        avatar.html



# Copyright 2022 Stephen Owens

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
